Add support for intenal-api kubeconfig rendering (#435)
giantswarm/gsctl: README.md

    kubectl config use-context giantswarm-xl8t1
```

#### Cluster acccess via internal networks

> Internal Kubernetes API allows you talking to Kubernetes via internal load balancer. That can be useful for peered networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internal Kubernetes API allows you to talk to Kubernetes via the internal load balancer. That can be useful for peered networks.
```

> In case you want to use internal Kubernetes API, pass `--tenant-internal=true` to gsctl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you want to use the internal Kubernetes API, pass `--tenant-internal=true` to gsctl:
```

```nohighlight
$ gsctl create kubeconfig -c h8d0j
```

> This will render kubeconfig with internal Kubernetes API server (`internal-api`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will render a kubeconfig with the internal Kubernetes API server address (`internal-api`).
```

> * Internal API is awailable only for AWS installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Internal API is available only on AWS installations.
```
